---
date: 2025-01-13
tags:
  - source/ytvideo
creator: 
link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5HU8Jm6pNS0&t=867s
publish: false
---
# How To Sound Design Ecosystems - BIOTA (YT Video)



## Soundscape

Think about what you see in an ecosystem. Clouds, trees, animals, water.
That's a landscape.

A soundscape is the acoustic version of this. It's what all those things sound like. It's all the sounds that you can't see, insects, birds, hidden features. 


Soundscape ecology is the study of the acoustic relationships between living organisms, human and other, and their environment, whether the organisms are marine or terrestrial. ([Soundscape ecology - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Soundscape_ecology))

A soundscape can be broken into 3 components:
- Biophony: Sounds generated by organisms.
- Geophony: Sounds generated by non-biological categories.
- Anthrophony: Sounds produced by humans, either directly or indirectly (human created objects, for example).


## Analysis:
The main components to pay attention to are pitch, timing, and loudness.

Tools for analysis are waveforms, frequency spectrums, and spectrograms. 

Waveforms provide visual representation of amplitude and frequency. This is helpful for analyzing the timing between sounds, loudness patterns, etc.

Frequency Spectrums are helpful for analyzing harmonics and frequency ranges of a sound.

Spectrograms show spectral and temporal characteristics. You can see spectrum of frequency over time.  


When trying to recreate sounds synthetically, try to break them down into their most basic characteristics, or things will get overcomplicated.



## Sound Density
Probability of a sound triggering.
How frequently does each individual sound play?
How dense is the overall soundscape at a given time? Over the course of the duration?


## Modulation

#### LFO (Low Frequency Oscillator)
The low frequency limit of human hearing is 20hz. We can use waves below that frequency as an oscillator to then control other parameters of our sound. 
The frequency of an LFO will control how quickly the modulation happens.

#### AM (Amplitude Modulation)
Amplitude relates to volume.
So AM is a volume change over time.

#### FM (Frequency Modulation)
This is when the frequency of a sound is modulated by another.
The main oscillator (sound) is called the carrier.
The oscillator affecting the carrier is called the modulator.

In this, we don't use LFOs. We instead use audible frequencies. The signals are added together to create the final signal.

#### Remap 
Allows you to take the signal from a modulator and remap the output values.




