# August 2021

- **Thing to add:**
	- Obsidian note taking

- **Thing to remove:**
	- Bad note taking in folder-based, top-down thinking style apps.

- **Some significant events:**
	- Started life insurance course
	- New office setups
	- Trip to Pennsylvania
		- Explored Philadelphia
			- Museum of Art
			- Sonder Hotel
			- Book stores
			- Pier
		- Monica's Wedding
	- Six Flags with Jrnie and Alden
	- Looked at dream houses with Jrnie
	- Six Flags commercial
	- Bought my Macbook
	- Disney Candlelight Concert with Jrnie 
	- Started feeding Karma raw
	- Took Nana to church
	- Camping, tried out our new tent!


- **Some significant things I've learned:**
	- [[bilateral linking]]
	- Wash laundry with cold water 
		- [[Laundry Done Right]]
	- Systems are better off building themselves than being built by the user
		- [[Infrastructure by Colin Wright]]
		- [[galls law]]
	- Goals can be thought of hierarchically, with high level goals tending to be more permanent and guiding the lower level ones. 
		- [[Goal Heirarchy]]
	- [[Natural Experiment]] are useful to look for as examples of things you want to examine in society without working hard to prove it.
	- Human's tend to mimic each other when learning new things quite exactly and literally
		- [[The Chameleon Effect]]
		- [[Over-Imitation]]
	- If you're trying to think of a solution to something, try to solve for the opposite of your goal and the actual thing will solve itself.
		- [Suppose I Wanted To Kill A Lot Of Pilots](https://newsletter.butwhatfor.com/p/invert-always-invert-avoid-failure)
		- [[Negative Visualization]]
		- [[Inversion Process]]
	- It's useful to consider what you know and do not know.
		- [[metacognition]]
	- The [[Replication Crisis]]
	- I am fallible, and it's no use trying to avoid that. I should embrace it, show it off even. It brings a sense of authenticity to the table that seems to be virtuous.
		- I should pay more attention to my habits. I think about that a lot conceptually (I think about a lot of things conceptually) but not so much practically.
		- [[Trials of Miles made me realize that humans are - that I am - fallible, and this is an essential plotline to any adventure tale.]]
			- Fallibility is crucial to any good story, and therefore embracing it is imperative to [[Living a Better Story]].