This is my first attempt at putting my daily journal notes into Obsidian rather than typing them on my typewriter. I am unsure that the format will be helpful or not. On the one hand, I think the [[bilateral linking]] options will be extraordinarily useful. On the other hand, I am not sure they will be so useful in this specific practice. Rather, their usage seems to make more sense with something like book notes, ideas for videos, etcetera. I wonder how many of these I will complete before switching back. 

We are currently adjusting our office spaces, so that is why the typewriter is currently unusable. 

I was quite excited about my standing desk and am a little sad about having to wait. I value the privacy of the solo office space, especially for writing and other creative ventures. Overall, the desk would cost around $1000, or $80 a month. That is quite a hefty price considering I am also in the market for a monitor and a microphone, and currently have a relatively limited income. 

On the topic of income, I think I will start up with the same life insurance thing as [[Jrnie Jade]]. She has not yet made any money, which should likely give me pause, but I don't want to get stuck waiting when the money does start coming in. I have realized that creating a sort of income that doesn't take too much effort (at least in the long term), but makes quite a bit, is important to allow me to do what I want. Example: I'd like to create videos and maybe a podcast and definitely some writing projects, but they all feel like somewhat of a waste if I am not providing a consistent income to myself. I hope to find for myself what Tim Ferriss would call a Muse.

Yesterday, I found some bookcases online that looked amazing. I though they would look great behind the new desk I ordered. Jrnie also liked it, so now I am building two. They will be identical, so we can put them together in the future if need be. It felt good to be in the woodshop again. I had to find all my [[Tools]], and setting up took a good bit of time, but once I got going everything felt quite natural. Building things is always a fun time. There's a pretty deep sense of presense involved because you're too focused to even acknowledge the existence of presence itself. It is like that [[Robert Irwin]] quote: [["Seeing is forgetting the name of the thing one sees."]] I think that encapsulates life beautifully because if you are able to forget the name of what you're seeing and simply see it, you are experiencing the thing in its truest form, void of human labels and perspectives.
