# [[2021-08-12]]

This morning was pretty rough. We woke up to 2 puddles of Karma pee on the ground. I headed down to make coffee before dealing with that and stepped in pee from the Chihuahuas too. I was a little frustrated, especially because I am pretty particular about how the first few moments of my day go. I wonder how I can learn from this response. Perhaps it was useless to be upset. Maybe ignoring it to deal with it later would have been better for my mental space. I also may have handled it just fine, and sometimes becoming frustrated over things generally out of our control is a normal and healthy part of the human experience.

- This evening, we had dinner with Charles Shofner, Isaiah Winans, Justin Burkhardt, and Chris Casenas. We went to Mesero's and had a great time. Isaiah talked about his new almost girlfriend.
- I am going to try and do daily notes in bullet point style
	- Similar to Roam Research
	- It seems to me that this style of writing my daily notes as well as other sorts of quick capture style notes promotes speed and ease of capture. 
- 22:46 If i press Command P and type time I can enter the current time, which seems useful for generally tracking my day throughout.
	- At this time I am experimenting with this outline method while Jrnie does life insurance calls with people. 
		- She is hiring and learning and stuff.
- It seems to me that Roam Research is probably going to be mostly useless. 
	- I wonder if people use paid services like that as a sort of status thing?
- This is quite lovely.
- "the only thing worse than talking about [[Death]] is thinking you can avoid talking about death" https://mattruby.substack.com/p/the-only-things-that-matter-when
- Supposedly there is a mode of thinking in Bhutan that says Contemplating death five times per day brings a sense of happiness. There is an app called WeCroak that notifies me five times throughout the day saying "Don't forget: You're going to die." It also provides a quote relating to death. The quotes are usually quite useful to contemplate, but every once in a while there is one that is either unrelated or not a great quote. I wonder if they source quotes from somewhere automatically or if they are human curated.
- I think the way I will try to format this is put pretty much everything straight into daily outline bullet notes. 
	- Then, after, I will sort out linked pages if necessary.
	- I think the Atomic Notes section is super useful. 
	- I wonder if the folder structure is even necessary. 
	- Maybe I should rely on remembering to link things as they come up.
		- This would involve being more conscious of connections, which I suppose is the point. 
			- I want my note taking to impact how I see the world and interact with it. [[The tools we use shape us as much as we shape them]]
			- By being more conscious of the connections I am making in this area, I'll be more conscious of connections happening in my day to day life, in what I read, in what I watch, in conversation, etc.
- 23:32 Jrnie is still on her insurance calls. I am getting tired and may just head to bed if she is not done soon.
- I wonder if this bullet point form will harm my longer form writing ability
	- Or at the very least not help my long form writing ability.
	- It will, however, help my outlining ability, which will be important for the book
		- More important for the book than writing will be my ability to make connections to things throughout life and conduct better [[divergent thinking]].
- This form honeslty makes me want to write more than other forms. 
	- Maybe the longer form paragraph style is limiting in the way of expectations, whereas this form allows more free flowing idea generation.
		- It is substantially faster to just vomit out ideas and let things flow than for my brain to think of how to link ideas and create more complicated prose and sentence structure.
- Ali Abdal showed how he does his daily notes in [[Roam Research]], which involved a similar process to this where he just lets words flow in bullets.
	- If I ever have some spare moments, I can easily just drop a timestamp and just start writing about what is going on around me. From there, I can quickly start making deeper connections based on whatever my brain starts coming up with.
		- I can also look back on notes for stories that are useful to write in more detail.
			- I should probably use some sort of status tag for this type of thing. 
			- I have to make sure to remember that tag.
- I need to also figure out a system to sort through my inboxed notes and my [[atomic notes]]. I wonder if I should just make a note for anything that seems even a little important and then just be dilagent about deleting them later.
	- Maybe this is what the Zettel system is meant to be like.
	- I could have like 3 layers of notes. 
		- This is my initial quick capture.
		- Then the most important things get linked into the inbox. When I fill them out enough to be substantially self-sufficient I can move them to the [[atomic notes]] section. 
		- Then, if they still seem useful enough to keep around, I will move them into the more permanent bin. This is what people probably mean by [[evergreen notes]]. 
			- This will be in the Bins folder?
		- Then I can link to the most important things in some sort of [[MOC]] style. This will be all layed out into the Spaces folder.
			- I think every folder should have some sort of "About" sections so I can explain basically what I have just written.
	- It has been said multiple times that I should be too worried about the system, but this seems like a pretty simple one.
		- [[galls law]]
		- This system seems to be related enough to that of other people that I should not have a problem with it being overly complicated.
- 


**What is the single most important thing you need to do today?**
Take Nana to and from the senior center.


**How do you plan to spent time with people close to you today, and show them that you love them?**
See friends at Kai. This ended up not being Kai. Mesero's.


**List three negative things that could happen today / could have happened today. **
- There could have been dog feces on the carpet rather than the tile.
- Kona could have been hit by a car.
- The air conditioning unit could have been entirely broken.


**List three good things that happened to you today, and why they happened.**




### Noteworthy Things I've Encountered Today

#### People



#### Inputs
[[Freakonomics, M.D.]]


#### Concepts
[[Natural Experiment]]
