# [[2021-08-31]]

- I am constantly and consistently surrounded by the advice of others who have found success in areas of life which I wish to do the same. This is absolutely a positive thing, but I wrestle with the issue of actually taking that advice and using it to do what I want to do. The most common pieces of advice I see and hear is "just start." But it's not "just." Starting is very hard. I'm wresting with a lot of things on this path to just start. [[imposter syndrome]] plagues me for sure, but I'm also hit with questions of "What am I actually adding to the world by making something?" and "What should I even make in the first place." I guess the only right answer is *something.* If I just sit around and keep making nothing, that's pretty useless. I can either create something bad, create something good, or create nothing. The line between good and bad blurs over time with experience, but making nothing is like multiplying by 0, you just get more of the same. 
- Rich Roll had Anna Lemke MD on to discuss "[The Neuroscience of Addiction, Dopamine Fasting, and The Opoioid Crisis](https://pca.st/episode/80530318-2a90-402f-9d80-f5ebf85c117c)"
	- Paradoxical relationship with dopamine. The body is consistently looking for homeostasis. As we do something that boosts dopamine, the body then looks to oppose that with a pain response. So, to be actually happy, we must search out pain in our lives. #on/paradox 
	- I need to read more about this in her book "Dopamine Nation," currently out of stock.
	- [[Addictive Behavior]]
	- [[Dopamine Addiction]]
