# [[2021-08-10]]

Today, we shall adventure to [[Six Flags]] with [[Alden White]]. We got free tickets because Normita has booked all the commercials for them for the past couple years.

I am already, on day two, beginning to see the power of bilateral linking. I am so easily able to make connections between seemingly unrelated thoughts. This forces me to think more deeply in this way. When I sat down to write this note, I did not feel that I had much to say. After I simply started getting into things I had done, which is probably the shallowest form of journaling, at least when there is not a specific purpose for it like squandering fears. After writing just a few sentences, new neural pathways seemed to form and link themselves. My brain woke up and got excited for what was occurring. It's a wonderful experience.



[[Six Flags]] today was super enjoyable. It also wiped us out. We rode 4-5 of the bigger rides, and since the overall lack of people in the park allowed us to move through the lines quickly, we did so in just a couple hours. It was one of the most efficient runs through six flags I have experienced. It also came with some interesting issue: we were exhausted. I think a combo of the heat, dehydration, lack of reasonable nutrition for sale, and exertion of force unto our bodies (ie: Titan), just was too much for us to handle for very long. Maybe the lines are a good thing. They give your body a break from the force of turns, and the thrill of it all. Too much of a good thing In guess.

While waiting in line for the Texas Giant, Alden made a comment about how rollercoasters are a pretty good example of [[Delayed Gratification]] because you must sit in line for a good deal of time before getting rewarded with the ride. I replied that I thought it was an even better example of [[Dopamine Addiction]], because you go through the painstaking, time-wasting experience of waiting in line for a quick, typically less than a minute ride that triggers a [[Dopamine Response]].

We went to San Martin, a nice little restaurant that seemed to have a poor business strategy, but I guess they know what they're doing.

