# @ Today

- I just broke out the typewriter. Typing that feels like a relapse, falling back into old, clearly worse patterns when the good life was sitting literally right in front of me. The method of writing should have nothing to do with what I write. The platform may be the message, but the way you type certainly shouldn't be, right? There's no culture of form factor tied to a laptop or typewriter. It's all a feeling thing. 
	- I have noticed, though, that standing while writing seems to do a lot for me. The typewriter was always a standing thing because I didn't have a comfortable way to use it while sitting. The laptop has thus far been a sit and write process because I haven't had another option. By having two scenarios forced on me, I have been able to figure out my preferences. Not quite, but this is almost like a small scale [[Natural Experiment]].
- Last night I fell asleep pondering the current implications of [[Over-Imitation]] on the culture of productivity and success. I wonder if we tend to imitate the behavior of successful people, like their morning routine, because we hope it will bring us the same success. Clearly this is not true. This is one small part of their life. There are many factors in the formula for success. But we tend to identify people whose lives are admirable, at least at a distance, and attempt to emulate characteristics of if hoping that it will in effect give us the things we so admired about their life.
- Paying attention to how people react and respond in a conversation is probably more important than the conversation itself long-term. You likely won't remember the conversation, but you do have the opportunity to better learn how a person thinks, feels, etc, by paying attention to their reactions more carefully. It may be useful even write these down and pay attention to them over time.
- Rich Roll Podcast: Courtney Daulwalter: [Mindset Secrets From The World's Best Ultrarunner](https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/the-rich-roll-podcast/id582272991?i=1000530731196)
	- The Pain Cave
		- She tries to get to this place. It's a sense of pain that can only be earned and there is apparently a deep sense of satisfaction in that.
	- [[The Power of the Spoken Word]]
		- Once you say something it becomes more real. Because of that, she really tries to harness the power of positivity. 
		- Courtney doesn't let her crew ask her how she's doing during a race. If it's bad, she's not going to say that. If it's good, there's no point in saying it. Eliminate useless vocabulary.
	- Courtney trains entirely on feel and intuition.
- A translator that mixes machine translation with human confirmation and input:  https://mymemory.translated.net
- [[Godt begyndt er halvt fuldendt]]
- 