### Who are you becoming?

##### What will they say about you when you're gone?

Tyler was loving and adventurous. He aimed to get as much out of each day as he could, so that the gift of life was not wasted on him. He worked hard to cultivate meaningful relationships with the people he loved. He did everything in his power to better understand the world around him through as many lenses as possible.

---

##### This is what I am doing:

- Fostering relationships
- Eating healthy and training
- Growing my YouTube Channel
- Learning by reading wide and deep
- Building and contributing to community
- Fundraising through life insurance
- Adventure


##### Everyday, I:
1. Write a story of something I've learned from life
2. Make Jrnie coffee and tell her something I love about her.
 


##### I do not:
1. Let my opinions or feelings get in the way of loving people.
2. 

---

##### My primary tasks for the day are (you only need one):
1. 
2. 
3. 

##### I am grateful for:
Being able to spontaneously do things that I will remember for the rest of my life. We really do have the ability to add moments to the carousel. 


##### A story from yesterday:

We debated buying tickets to see John Mulaney for like two weeks. While standing in the dried mushroom aisle of the Asian market, Jrnie sends me a text saying "bucket list shit," and then sends over the tickets. 

We went and saw him, and it was so hilarious and exciting for us. This comedy was a foundational part of our relationship, so it was exciting to see the next evolution of that.


People didn't have their phones and they were going crazy.



### Who are you becoming?