### Who are you becoming?

##### What will they say about you when you're gone?

Tyler was loving and adventurous. He aimed to get as much out of each day as he could, so that the gift of life was not wasted on him. He worked hard to cultivate meaningful relationships with the people he loved. He did everything in his power to better understand the world around him through as many lenses as possible.

---

##### This is what I am doing:

- Fostering relationships
- Eating healthy and training
- Growing my YouTube Channel
- Learning by reading wide and deep
- Building and contributing to community
- Fundraising through life insurance
- Adventure


##### Everyday, I:
1. Write a story of something I've learned from life
2. Make Jrnie coffee and tell her something I love about her.
 


##### I do not:
1. Let my opinions or feelings get in the way of loving people.
2. 

---

##### My primary tasks for the day are (you only need one):
1. Pack for lake
2. 
3. 

##### I am grateful for:
Chris is a kind and gentle person who seeks to learn about others and is genuinely interested in their lives. He's trying to figure out his own as well. He's just got a really nice heart. Very encouraging and energizing to be around. 


##### A story from yesterday:

My mom started drinking pretty early in the day. I have a problem with it but it's not something I have control over so I don't say anything. However, at night, she sounded way more intoxicated and was allegedly driving. I was worried about her safety and we fought. I probably should've been more gentle about how I approached the situation but I wasn't and she got defensive and mad. Haven't talked since then but I'm sure everything is fine. I'm definitely worried about going to the lake, there might be some contention and passive aggressiveness and if there is I'll probably just leave. I don't have the energy for that. 


### Who are you becoming?