### Who are you becoming?

##### What will they say about you when you're gone?

Tyler was loving and adventurous. He aimed to get as much out of each day as he could, so that the gift of life was not wasted on him. He worked hard to cultivate meaningful relationships with the people he loved. He did everything in his power to better understand the world around him through as many lenses as possible.

---

##### This is what I am doing:

- Fostering relationships
- Eating healthy and training
- Growing my YouTube Channel
- Learning by reading wide and deep
- Building and contributing to community
- Making money through life insurance
- Adventure


##### Everyday, I:
1. Write a story of something I've learned from life
2. Make Jrnie coffee and tell her something I love about her.
 


##### I do not:
1. Let my opinions or feelings get in the way of loving people.
2. 

---

##### My primary tasks for the day are (you only need one):
1. Follow up insurance people
2. 
3. 

##### I am grateful for:
My mom's unending grace and compassion.


##### A story from yesterday:
Jrnie's grandpa turned 83 this past week, so we all went over to celebrate. Apparently Jojo's birthday was last month, so we went over and celebrated that one too. I'm not sure if celebrating two people at the same time is a great idea. When we did the cake, we sang happy birthday twice. It was really fun and cute, but I doubt either of them felt super special. Or maybe they did. We had no candles so I pulled up a candle video on youtube for them to blow out after we sang. 

We shot a demo reel at our house for the first time. I didn't prepare for it very well. I should because it will lead to everything looking more professional and seamless for the client.