##### I am grateful for:



##### A story from yesterday:

I spent a significant amount of time yesterday shoveling dirt. I'm not really quite sure how important this was in the grand scheme of things, but it felt important at the time. The soil is the ground in which I can plant. It feels to me that doing all of this gardening helps connect me to the world I live on. It connects me to centuries of humans that did this same thing. 


### Who are you becoming?

---

### Fleeting Notes

It's not about the journey. It's about destinations. Not one destination. Many. There are many destinations along the overarching path we are on in life. The cosmic unit of the hero's journey has an arrival. That destination creates the avenue of which we are traveling. It's spiral in a sense. We circle through the journeys cyclically, but we don't arrive back where we started. There's a sense of forward progress. We're going somewhere. 



I have an innate desire to be seen as intelligent. It is absolutely a driving factor in my life and has been since I was a kid. I was always the one to help fix computers as a kid. As a teen this continued, but the things I was able to fix expanded. I became a fixer. The problem with being a fixer is something has to be broken. I think letting go of both this intelligent and fixer portrayal of myself will allow for a different part of who I am to grow. I'm not sure who that is, but I think simply acknowledging these motives will lead to something profound. 

I've noticed also that this desire to be intelligent is coupled with a sense of "better than." To think of yourself as intelligent is to put yourself on a scale of people, where there are those above and below you. Is this useful? Does this help you in where you want to go? Are you looking for a sense of superiority in the end? 