### Who are you becoming?

##### What will they say about you when you're gone?

Tyler was loving and adventurous. He aimed to get as much out of each day as he could, so that the gift of life was not wasted on him. He worked hard to cultivate meaningful relationships with the people he loved. He did everything in his power to better understand the world around him through as many lenses as possible.

---

##### This is what I am doing:

- Fostering relationships
- Eating healthy and training
- Growing my YouTube Channel
- Learning by reading wide and deep
- Building and contributing to community
- Making money through life insurance
- Adventure


##### Everyday, I:
1. Write a story of something I've learned from life
2. Make Jrnie coffee and tell her something I love about her.
 


##### I do not:
1. Let my opinions or feelings get in the way of loving people.
2. 

---

##### My primary tasks for the day are (you only need one):
1. Demo reel
2. See Jrnie's grandparents
3. 

##### I am grateful for:
The freedom having our own place provides.


##### A story from yesterday:
Jrnie and I fought pretty hard. I think it opened me up to a lot of self centered behaviors that have come about over the past few months. I have been really focused on myself and not growing any of the relationships with people around me. Bob's book came at a really important time, which I didn't realize until this fight, but I've been really focused, just not on the right things. Busyness is distraction. It's time to realign my priorities and focus on the things that matter and will last.