### Who are you becoming?

##### What will they say about you when you're gone?

Tyler was loving and adventurous. He aimed to get as much out of each day as he could, so that the gift of life was not wasted on him. He worked hard to cultivate meaningful relationships with the people he loved. He did everything in his power to better understand the world around him through as many lenses as possible.

---

##### This is what I am doing:

- Fostering relationships
- Eating healthy and training
- Growing my YouTube Channel
- Learning by reading wide and deep
- Building and contributing to community
- Fundraising through life insurance
- Adventure


##### Everyday, I:
1. Write a story of something I've learned from life
2. Make Jrnie coffee and tell her something I love about her.
 


##### I do not:
1. Let my opinions or feelings get in the way of loving people.
2. 

---

##### My primary tasks for the day are (you only need one):
1. 
2. 
3. 

##### I am grateful for:



##### A story from yesterday:
I worked quite a bit on my scrap knife while waiting for some calls to come in on Smart Financial. 
Chris helped me figure out the bend in the knife.
Isaiah apparently got a new maybe girlfriend.

While working on the knife, I listened to several Tim Ferriss episodes. His guests are incredible, and the way he's able to pull information and stories out of them is astounding.

The Penn Gillette episode was great. I especially liked when he talked about his ability to deescalate people who are getting emotional. He talks about removing ego and giving people exactly what they want, just not in the way they want it. It seems that most magicians have a really great internal sense of people. He also talked about Feynman. There was a reference Penn made in that bit that talked about a friend of his who gets bored when he's talking to someone and learns two bits of information from which he's able to accurately guess a third. This is probably because that person is now triangulated within a stereotype. If people can surprise you quickly, they're probably worth continuing to talk to.

The guy who wrote Sapiens was on the podcast. I found the differences between the written word and comics that he talked about interesting. In words, we can be vague and say "people." In drawings, you have to make a decision on what type of person. 

Seth Godin came on the podcast and talked about the following:
"Process Saves Us From The Poverty Of Our Intentions" - Elizabeth King

Whatever we've decided to be is our identity now. When you wake up, the question isn't whether or not to do the thing, it's what direction. You've already had the meeting about yes or no. 

I liked this idea, and it seems like it's especially useful in avoiding excuses that tend to come with creative work, which is almost all work that isn't robotic.


### Who are you becoming?