### Who are you becoming?

##### What will they say about you when you're gone?

Tyler was loving and adventurous. He aimed to get as much out of each day as he could, so that the gift of life was not wasted on him. He worked hard to cultivate meaningful relationships with the people he loved. He did everything in his power to better understand the world around him through as many lenses as possible.

---

##### This is what I am doing:

- Fostering relationships
- Eating healthy and training
- Growing my YouTube Channel
- Learning by reading wide and deep
- Building and contributing to community
- Fundraising through life insurance
- Adventure


##### Everyday, I:
1. Write a story of something I've learned from life
2. Make Jrnie coffee and tell her something I love about her.
 


##### I do not:
1. Let my opinions or feelings get in the way of loving people.
2. 

---

##### My primary tasks for the day are (you only need one):
1. 
2. 
3. 

##### I am grateful for:



##### A story from yesterday:
Most of the day was spent either working on insurance, my community building agency, or in the garage on my scrap knife. In the evening, Jrnie and I did her taxes. 

Alden's friend Megan came over to go on a walk with him, and we all talked afterwards. She was kind, and seemed to have a deep desire to try and get deeper into a conversation than necessary, which was actually helpful because it kept it going. She seemed to struggle with her internal world quite a bit. She seemed very outwardly focused with her attention though. Every time someone asked her a question, she'd get lost in her answer, but always circle back with a "what about you?" She was super grateful for the curiosity Jrnie displayed towards her, and actually thanked her for it at one point. 



### Who are you becoming?