### Who are you becoming?

##### What will they say about you when you're gone?

Tyler was loving and adventurous. He aimed to get as much out of each day as he could, so that the gift of life was not wasted on him. He worked hard to cultivate meaningful relationships with the people he loved. He did everything in his power to better understand the world around him through as many lenses as possible.

---

##### This is what I am doing:

- Fostering relationships
- Eating healthy and training
- Growing my YouTube Channel
- Learning by reading wide and deep
- Building and contributing to community
- Fundraising through life insurance
- Adventure


##### Everyday, I:
1. Write a story of something I've learned from life
2. Make Jrnie coffee and tell her something I love about her.
 


##### I do not:
1. Let my opinions or feelings get in the way of loving people.
2. 

---

##### My primary tasks for the day are (you only need one):
1. Film video
2. 
3. 

##### I am grateful for:
The trail behind our house and how it lends to exercise, exploration, and better community.


##### A story from yesterday:
Jrnie got a book called "The New Modern Coin Magic" from half price books earlier this week. I'm really excited to start learning it. We began yesterday by trying to learn how to hold it. Really hard! Kept dropping the coins. 

It reminded me of something Chris Close told me earlier in the day: "Everything seems easy until we try it." That feels true. We always have the tendency to devalue things when we only see them from the outside. Once we start learning how to do something, we find out that the thing is much more intricate and nuanced and difficult than we were previously capable of realizing.
Flip side of this is not going too far. Things aren't *that* hard. You can do it.



### Who are you becoming?