##### I am grateful for:



##### A story from yesterday:

Throughout history, there has been a constant cycle of destruction. Battles rage on, whether it be between neighboring countries, tribes, species. Predator and prey. It's a battle for life. Survival of the fittest. 

I am currently in one such battle. 

They are relentless. Each day I find them behind enemy lines, slashing food supplies, leaving me with nothing. All I want is to be able to grow the food to feed myself and those around me. 

But so do they. The bunnies have to eat too. Can't they just eat the grass? Or any of the other plants?

Why does it have to be *my* plants? Why the plants that I've so carefully planted, watered, nurtured into being? From seed I've guided them into this world, helping them along day after day, all for the simple pleasure of eating some watermelon, satisfied that I grew this fruit. 

But no. The bunnies are relentless. They keep coming day after day. They're inconsiderate. They eat in the middle of the vine, so the whole thing dies. They can't even munch on the end. 

I can't say that rabbit stew, or a traditional Paella hasn't occurred to me. But I refuse to be the crazy guy shooting bunnies in the suburbs of Dallas. If we were in the forest, maybe, but we've already stollen these animals native land. My cozy house, with it's air conditioning and refrigerator to store the food I buy from the store sits right on top of where these bunnies ancestors used to live. 

I guess I at least owe them freedom to eat a couple of my plants. 

But I won't. The battle rages on. Only one can be victorious, and I don't want to lose to a bunny.


### Who are you becoming?

---

### Fleeting Notes

I absolutely need some sort of analog notes and do list system. The card stock folded in fours didn't work. Here's some criteria:
- Must fit comfortably in my pocket. About wallet sized.
- Plenty of space for writing
- 3-4 different sections for organization purposes.
	- Needs room for notes, things I need to do next, and things I need to do eventually.
- Self contained writing. Meaning I don't need to find a desk or a wall or something else flat to write on. 
	- Maybe a thin, foldable sheet of aluminum?
- 
