dates:: 2023-05-04
tags:: #log/journal 

# Scratchpad:

#note/question❓ How do we become indispensable?
[[The House Painter and the Architect (article)]]


Diversification is practically a law of nature.

Regarding any behavior we are hesitant to improve because we don't want to be inauthentic... Is it natural or habitual? 


Write the story of generosity and emotional labor from the campsite, and how it felt better than an expensive resort.

We went to this campsite expecting the usual. We were instead greeting with some lessons in hospitality. We were delivered firewood each day. When we went to the general store to order pizza, it was made from scratch and delivered to us. Same with hot chocolate. The people running the place genuinely cared. It went beyond a job. It was a fine display of [[emotional labor]]. They were kind and generous. The experience, for $25 per night, was far better than any normal hotel or airbnb we could've stayed at. Not because it was better, but because it exceeded our expectations by so much. They operated within the [[do the maximum]] philosophy.


##### Log
- 

##### Wind Down
- *I am grateful for:* 
- *Today I spoke with:* 
- *Today I accomplished:* 






tags:: #log/meeting 

## 2023-05-04  - Meeting

### Notepad
- August 21-25th Tampa (Might be 20th)
- Focus on texture, zippers, accessories, etc.
- Might hire again for editing/deliverables
- 30 sec and 15 sec commercial

- Cargo, tshirts, basketball ALL GENDER NEUTRAL
	- Can be worn by anyone
- Model list
	- 32 applied, 18 needed.

- Scene options
	- Throwing something between scenes
	- Showcase cargo shorts with lots of stuff in the pockets
- 



### Action items
- Milanote board
- General vibe of the commercial