dates:: 2023-05-26
tags:: #log/journal 

# Scratchpad:

Apollo passed away at 9:00pm. Norma, Normita, JoJo, Jrnie, and I were in the room, surrounding his bed. The doctor broke the news in a rather matter of fact way, likely numb to the occurrence and not able to display much empathy. She explained his heart was unable to keep going. His blood pressure was falling rapidly, and they were using drugs to keep it going artificially for the family to say goodbye. 

As the reality of the situation set in, everyone began crying, and saying that they love him, that they were proud of him, that they were going to take care of each other, and that he had been incredibly strong. Norma hoped for a miracle to bring him back. The doctor explained there would be no miracle, and she was right. I'm not sure the medical staff did their jobs well. I believe that the ICU did everything they could, but the doctors and nurses leading up to that point seem like they neglected something in the process. He may have had more time had they been better, or more up to date, or something. Ultimately, though, he was ready. He was at peace and went out, as much as one can pass to cancer, on his own terms. 

As everyone said their goodbyes, he gripped their hands as much as he was able. He could clearly hear everything they were saying, and it gave him a sense of peace. Norma wanted to kiss his forehead, but could reach. She was a bit frantic trying both sides of the bed. We  found a stool for her to stand on. 

The chaplain on call eventually came. His name was Joel. Everyone expected him to have some words to say, a prayer, and some guidance. He walked in jolly, clearly unaware of the situation. His demeanor did not change. It was not a presence of strength for everyone to lean on, like it should have been. It was light. He seemed unaware of the pain in everyones heart. He didn't provide comfort or guidance. A nurse ended up having to say the Last Rite prayer, since it could apparently only be performed by another Catholic. Weirdly, though, Joel did play a role. He played that of comedic relief amidst the tragedy. While it might not have been the role of the chaplain, it was useful. It felt oddly right for the family dynamic. They don't do things the normal way. Their traditions are uniquely them. He gave everyone something to make fun of as a break from the grief.







##### Log
- 

##### Wind Down
- *I am grateful for:* 
- *Today I spoke with:* 
- *Today I accomplished:* 



