# [[2021-11-05]]

When I was learning how to fly, there was a requirement called the cross country flight. It's not quite as cool as it sounds, but the basic idea is that you fly from one place to another and there's a pretty big distance in between. 

Now, to do this, you'd think they'd give you this fancy GPS and all this satellite data. No. They don't. They give you a paper map, a ruler marked out for miles, and something called an E6-B, which basically just makes all your calculations easier, and a pencil. 

So then you take all these and you sit down and plot out your course. But there's a lot of things that can mess you up. The winds can blow you off course, there's something called magnetic deviation which comes from the way compasses work, you have to run some math to see if you'll have enough gas to make it, all kinds of stuff. And we really have no way of being sure that we're doing it right. 

And so, with having no idea if what I was doing has even half accurate, we hopped in the plane and left. And we flew for a while, and I'm sitting there trying to act all confident in front of the instructor, but inside I'm like man I really hope I don't fly us to Mexico or something on accident. But along the way you look landmarks that you saw on the map. Things like lakes or railways or big towers. These are like little beacons that let you know you're on the right track. 

And then after like an hour of flying, I see the destination airport. And I'm pumped. So I land, and he says okay now let's go home. So we started going home, and about halfway there I had a weird feeling that something didn't feel right. So I decided to make a correction, and that correction was *way* wrong, and I actually had it right the first time. But luckily, my instructor was paying attention and was able to help me out to get us back home.

So I few things I learned from the experience were:
- It's okay to start something before you're ready.
- Have some landmarks along the way to you know you're on the right path.
- Trust yourself.
- Have someone smarter than you in your passenger seat that can guide you. 