# [[2021-09-07]]

- I am a person who generally enjoys change and uncertainty. That being said, I don't quite do well at purposefully injecting this into my life. Rather, I wait for it to come around and love it when it does. I've been thinking a lot the past day about values, and whether mine are set in stone or loose. I think probably both. There are values within me that I doubt will change anytime soon, although I suppose being open to adjust any value is useful and to refuse to do so is to claim to know for certain that you are correct, which is usually a losing bargain. The world is made up of perceptions and opinions and observations and theories, but very few facts. Therefore, having values be entirely set in stone, refusing to budge even when provided with evidence of contrary beliefs being more correct, seems foolish. In contrast, I think even more important than that is *having values* to change in the first place. If there are no real values, one is simply aimlessly flowing through life. And I do not identify with that. I absolutely have strong values. I just don't think they're all identified properly. Perhaps I should create some sort of creed or statement of paradigms and discourses and views of the world I believe to be useful and important. This will be a massive undertaking and likely a lifelong process. A values statement should be a living document. There will be stronger values, foundational ones in which the rest are built upon. Then, the more fluid values will represent the process of just trying to figure things out. Perhaps I can look to Tom Sachs's crest for inspiration of layout. I like his idea of including people and major influences, as that is absolutely something I have thought a great deal about recently and think it is important to include. 
- [[Working Weekends]]