# [[2021-09-02]]

- My runs are starting to get easier again. I'm still only doing a mile but that mile is become less and less of a struggle. I almost wanted to go further today but I figured I'd keep it small for now and slowly build, plus it was already 9.
- Jrnie was really happy this morning with the naughty things. I think she's really impacted by us not doing that more often, so I need to be more cognizant of that, especially when we're as busy as we are at the moment. I get a little bummed out about it too.
- I've started to read again somewhat consistently. It seems to make sense to me in theory to try and write before reading, but I honestly find in practice that I never end up doing it. I really enjoy starting the day with a nice read and then getting into my outputs. Maybe it wakes my brain up, or maybe I just don't have enough output available yet prior to some sort of input. I'll have to play around with that idea a bit more.
- I rescheduled my test because I don't think I'm quite ready for it. It's not that I doubt myself, it's that I just haven't had the time to really finish the study material, and I don't think I'll have the time necessary before the initial test date.
- I'm mortally terrified, to the point of petrification, of doing or making something I do not deem to be quality. I *need* to get over that, because [[The First Draft of Anything Is Shit]] and nobody ever said they wish they'd started later.
- Started listening to An Absolutely Remarkable Thing by Hank Green.
	- His first novel, I'm looking forward to it.
