# [[2021-08-26]]

- I've recently noticed a bit of dropoff regarding some of the more useful habits I've naturally developed over the past couple months. My running has come to almost a complete halt and I barely read anymore. I think there are probably a few reasons for this, but one of them might just be the lack of input regarding those topics. I don't learn about the value of books or the proper technique of running as much as I once did, as is the process of learning, so therefore my output reflects a lesser degree of that activity. Obviously this isn't ideal, and I think it's probably time that I take habit formation and behavior a bit more seriously in myself.
	- Atomic Habits is a great place to start, even though I feel as if I have a general understanding of the topics it will discuss. It's a popular book for a reason.
- Listened to Malcolm Gladwell's podcast. [The Dog Will See You Now](https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/revisionist-history/id1119389968?i=1000532536975)
	- He dives into the fact that dogs are able to sniff out things like viruses, and basically can diagnose almost every medical condition substantially better than anything we have invented thus far. We don't use dogs to do this because we are a narcissistic species that thinks a dog couldn't possibly do better than us. Also, they can't see the thing we're looking for, and we don't really understand scent the way dogs do.
- [Dr. Bapu Jena on Freakonomics Radio](https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/people-i-mostly-admire/id1525936566?i=1000532643645)
	- They discuss how the medical field ignores [[Natural Experiment]] (something economists use constantly), and wonder why they would possibly miss out on these great things.
- 

