# [[2021-08-13]]

- Jrnie has pretty much been all consumed by her new insurance venture
	- I wonder how long it will take for the [[hedonic treadmill]] effect to kick in and for her to return to whatever her new baseline is.
		- Not that I want her to stop being excited by this, I think it is a wonderful thing, but she has pretty much only lived that way recently. I have not been able to to really talk to her for around a week.
	- This morning she started to compare my friends to her new co-workers
		- She was sad that they were not quite as excited as she was about her new job. 
			- Which, would probably not be the case if she wasn't trying to recruit everyone in the process.
		- Her new co-workers are exciting and constantly pump her up about the amount of money she has the potential to make
			- Which is a classic trademark of an [[MLM Company]], so I am mostly surprised by her willingness to go along with it.
	- Tonight will surely be an interesting date. I sort of wonder if she even remembers we're going. 
		- Even more, I am worried she'll be on her phone or talking about insurance the entire time.
			- I'm not even tired of hearing about insurance, I am pretty excited about it. I am, however, sort of saddened that not a single one of our conversations has been more substantive that that.
				- Planning the future contingent on this job is fun, but I have also been thinking about other thinks.
	- I don't think I have been able to really tell her about anything that has been going on in my brain for about a week. She hasn't really concerned herself with anything I am thinking about.
	- This morning, upon waking, my mind was full of all sorts of things. Shortly after, all of that was thrusted out and replaced by an odd sense of disdain for Jrnie's laser focused existance as of late.
		- I respect and am excited for her new thing but I just feel like I have sort of lost her to it. 
			- Even in moments of silence that would typically be our signal to spend some quality time together.
				- I will start a sentence and then look over to see her entirely enveloped in her phone, trying to lead someone down a path which she has barely started.
					- She is getting upset that people are a bit mistrusting of the company, yet she has literally not made a dime.
	- Is it better to bring this up or wait it out???
- 08:36 I am waiting for Nana to get ready for the Senior center.
	- Today I get my new desk in. I'll go grab the top in a bit here.
	- In spite of everything I've said above, I need to start my own insurance journey.
- I'd like to write an essay on the importance of not working constantly. 
- Listened to [[Freakonomics, M.D.]]
	- Learned that marathons can kill
		- But not because of the runners.
		- Apparently, the closure of roads near during marathon times had a 13% rise in mortality rates for a select group of patients whose drive was effected by the closed roads.
	- The Birthday Effect is how COVID cased tended to rise during times surrounding a birthday, especially that of a child. 
		- There was a guy doing virtual magic shows. How cool.
- Read [A Natural Death](https://supermedicine.substack.com/p/a-natural-death) by Dr. Mutaz Musa
	- Death, the irreversible ceasing of the activities necessary for life, is apparently a moving target.
		- At one point, we thought if you stopped breathing you were dead. That is no longer true. Same is true for a heart not beating.
	- The term "natural death" is useless. Either all death is natural or none of it is.
		- This term also has certain implications when we use it.
			- The subject is old. Kids don't die a natural death.
			- They were ostensibly not in pain.
			- We don't understand the actual cause of death.
		- It also seems to imply a sense of giving up on elderly people. This sort of relates to [[Lifespan: Why We Age And Why We Don't Have To]] by [[David Sinclair]].
			- Aging itself is a disease to be treated.
	- This article was really interesting. It seems that we use the term "natural death" as a sort of cop out. We don't like to look deeper into the deaths because we really don't know how. We don't understand why people die. We think it's normal at that age. 'It's common, so it isn't worth looking into to change' seems to be the mentality.
- [[Freakonomics, M.D.]] [Episode 2](https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/freakonomics-m-d/id1577556965?i=1000531879362)
	- Regardless of higher medical education, doctors do not tend to make better behavior-based medical decisions. 
		- I wonder if this is because, since they know all of the medical things, they feel a sense of superiority, like it couldn't impact them.
- 10:46 I think what I am realizing is that, during conversations with Jrnie right now, anytime I start to bring something up that is interesting to me to share, she either is already distracted by work, or becomes so soon after I start speaking.
	- To me this sends the signal that whatever else she is doing is more important than whatever I am saying.
		- Why would I try to talk more after a week of being conditioned that nothing I say is very important to her?
	- The only times she has actually tried to listen is when she is doing something else that preoccupies her hands, like doing her hair, or right before bed.
		- Right before bed is usually relatively late because she's spend the whole night working.
- 13:16 Jrnie and I are all good now. It just took a bit of communication to get rid of our separate internal overwhelm.
- Listened to [[Revisionist History]] [[Laundry Done Right]] [Link](https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/revisionist-history/id1119389968?i=1000530552020)
	- Apparently, according to Cascade's research and development branch, as long as you have 8 dishes in the dishwasher, running the machine is less wasteful of water than running the sink for just two minutes.
	- Cold water should be used for washing dishes.
	- Every single thing on this planet that seems ostensibly normal and mundane likely has a complexity of thought and consideration behind it that makes it invariably interesting.
		- The simplest thing are often the hardest to get to.
			- [[galls law]]
			- [[If I Had More Time, I Would Have Written a Shorter Letter]]
			- [[Hide Your Work]] https://perell.com/note/hide-your-work/?mc_cid=3ceb7ef76e&mc_eid=6ca27ab6c3
			- “The ability to simplify means to eliminate the unnecessary so that the necessary may speak.” Hans Hoffman
			- [[Simplistic Elegance]] is the result of incredibly hard work.>)
- Listened to [[Freakonomics Radio]] [[How stupid is our obession with lawns? Ep. 289]]
	- Went through lots of interesting data about lawns.
		- Including highway side lawns.
	- Alternatives to [[Lawns]] in our lawns.
- [Suppose I Wanted To Kill A Bunch Of Pilots](https://newsletter.butwhatfor.com/p/invert-always-invert-avoid-failure)
- Went to the candlelight orchestra thing. It was lovely but far too short.


Facile - appearing neat and comprehensive only by ignoring the true complexities of an issue; superficial.
