# [[2021-09-04]]

- Jrnie continually asks me what I've journaled everyday, and I find myself holding a weird sense of secrecy towards the answer to that. Perhaps it is the fact that this journal, as pretty much any, is meant to be private. Perhaps it's that her journaling sessions tend to be really profound for her, leaving me with a strange sense of comparative mismatching. Regardless of the source of this feeling, I think I need to do something about it, as this journal serves to improve how I am in the world, and removing a point of conversation or limiting my ability to speak is the opposite of the point. I should be able to speak more eloquently and though out on things I've written about, not the opposite. 
- My hamstring has been hurting for about a week now, which is worrying because I continue to run on it as if nothing has happened. Maybe I should stretch more consistently or look into to possibilities of injury?
- [Thoughtless Niceness](https://gallant.dev/posts/thoughtless-niceness/)
	- What drives us to do what we do?
	- Is niceness without intention selfish or a reflexive kindness?
	- The article claims that by doing nice things without intention, we are being self-serving.
		- I agree with this in some regards, but I also subscribe to the idea that [[When joy is a habit, love is a reflex]]. 
			- Any niceness is in some ways self serving, as noted by Anthony de Mello in *Awareness* (I think), so perhaps the issue only comes when it makes another person uncomfortable or something similar. 
- [We Select Our Distractions](https://gallant.dev/posts/we-select-our-distractions/)
	- Intention is, as always it seems, the name of the game.
	- We all get distracted by things, whether it be because of curiosity, procrastination, affiliation, desire for connection, etc.
	- The trick is to have distractions that benefit you in some way, and to also consider what you're being distracted from. 
- [Typing is Thinking](https://gallant.dev/posts/typing-is-thinking/)
	- "We produce and consume - materially and ideologically - yet despite the prodigious growth of production, consumption has become so automatic as to outpace it for most individuals."
		- [[input controls output]]
		- [[Generation Effect]]
	- "Composing, reviewing, editing, and iterating refines not just our words but our thoughts. Taking time and using single-purpose tools - tactile physical keyboards, pencil and paper, even typewriters - forces us to invest in thought, and that pays dividends."
	- To summarize this briefly, the shallow and deep sides of our minds must both be tapped into. The former is useful for wide sweeping thought, social interaction, etcetera. The latter, the deeper thought, is important to consciously implement into our lives for a variety of reasons. It cannot be replaced by more light thinking. It's not convertible in the way a currency is. 
- [Fortune as Cognitive Bias](https://gallant.dev/posts/fortune-as-cognitive-bias/)
	- "But, as with most of reality, binary classification is a simplification."
		- #on/paradox 
		- We often simplify things to the point of falsehood.
	- Our fortune, or luck, shapes how we perceive the world. Therefore, a good deal of who we are could have been entirely different had our luck played out differently.
	- Our objective reality is not one that had to happen the way it did. So much chance is involved.
	- "[[accept our visual environment as inevitable]]"