# [[2021-08-23]]

- Move Your DNA with Katy Bowman - [126. A Different Kind of Activity Tracker](https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/move-your-dna-with-katy-bowman/id894200695?i=1000526585337)
	- A chart that changes the way we think of activity from "non-active vs active" or "good vs bad." Instead, we should think of it more like nutrients. Our activity diet is comprised of all the different activities we commit during a given day. Our activity nutrients are the specific activities we do. Each activity checks some boxes on the chart. The visualization of this helps us find out what types of movement we need more of, as well as maybe some that we need less of. If all you do is cycle, you may think you're active consistently, but your thighs are always in front of you. You never have any hip extension. Etc.
	- [The Chart](https://www.nutritiousmovement.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/05/HOW-DO-MY-ACTIVITIES-MOVE-ME.pdf)
- [No Stupid Questions Episode 22 Why Do We Buy Things We Never Use](https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/no-stupid-questions/id1510056899?i=1000532708589) 
	- [[Aspirational Objects]]
	- James March
		- Two ways of thinking in a given situation
			- We weight the cost and return of a choice. The expected benefits outweigh the expected costs, so we buy.
			- Identity based decision: What situation is this? Who am I? What does someone like me do in a situation like this?
		- Our actions in a given situations can end up stemming from our concept of identity.
			- Identity thinking.
	- Law of appropriateness
	- [[aspirational consumerism]] is bound up with identity and optimism.
	- False hope syndrome.
	- [[Using consumerism to satiate a need]]


