### Who are you becoming?

##### What will they say about you when you're gone?

Tyler was loving and adventurous. He aimed to get as much out of each day as he could, so that the gift of life was not wasted on him. He worked hard to cultivate meaningful relationships with the people he loved. He did everything in his power to better understand the world around him through as many lenses as possible, and shared what he learned through his writing and videos.

---

##### This is what I am doing:

- Fostering relationships
- Eating healthy and training
- Growing my YouTube Channel
- Learning by reading wide and deep
- Building and contributing to community
- Fundraising through life insurance
- Adventure


##### Everyday, I:
1. Write a story of something I've learned from life
2. Make Jrnie coffee and tell her something I love about her.
 


##### I do not:
1. Let my opinions or feelings get in the way of loving people.
2. 

---

##### My primary tasks for the day are (you only need one):
1. Metroflex website
2. Finish filming
3. 

##### I am grateful for:
The fact that I can get a good amount of sleep even if it means sleeping late. I feel guilty for doing it, but know it's better for my body.


##### A story from yesterday:
I worked on my influence video for a while. Shooting yourself is a strange sensation. There's more things to focus on, and I'm developing the on camera portion, so I think it'll be a while before I can really pick up speed on it. 



### Who are you becoming?