### Who are you becoming?

##### What will they say about you when you're gone?

Tyler was loving and adventurous. He aimed to get as much out of each day as he could, so that the gift of life was not wasted on him. He worked hard to cultivate meaningful relationships with the people he loved. He did everything in his power to better understand the world around him through as many lenses as possible.

---

##### This is what I am doing:

- Fostering relationships
- Eating healthy and training
- Growing my YouTube Channel
- Learning by reading wide and deep
- Building and contributing to community
- Fundraising through life insurance
- Adventure


##### Everyday, I:
1. Write a story of something I've learned from life
2. Make Jrnie coffee and tell her something I love about her.
 


##### I do not:
1. Let my opinions or feelings get in the way of loving people.
2. 

---

##### My primary tasks for the day are (you only need one):
1. Lunch with Jordyn and Preston
2. Film the garage scene
3. 

##### I am grateful for:
The ability and confidence to build things from close to nothing. It gives me freedom.


##### A story from yesterday:
Alden, Jrnie and I went to HBP and REI. I didn't find anything. My brain was in a bit of a fog so while some things peaked my interest, nothing captured me enough to bring it into my life.

Afterwards, we went to Jeng Chi. They had an hour wait and we were starving so we went to the little Korean restaurant next door. Apparently a lot of other people had the same idea, so the place was way busier than they were used to. The single waitress was left with an entire building full of tables by herself. We were pretty impatient. I wonder if I could've responded in a better way? Maybe by helping her? Not really sure, but there's definitely something to be learned from this experience. She was working really hard and no doubtedly overwhelmed. 



### Who are you becoming?