### Who are you becoming?

##### What will they say about you when you're gone?

Tyler was loving and adventurous. He aimed to get as much out of each day as he could, so that the gift of life was not wasted on him. He worked hard to cultivate meaningful relationships with the people he loved. He did everything in his power to better understand the world around him through as many lenses as possible.

---

##### This is what I am doing:

- Fostering relationships
- Eating healthy and training
- Growing my YouTube Channel
- Learning by reading wide and deep
- Building and contributing to community
- Fundraising through life insurance
- Adventure


##### Everyday, I:
1. Write a story of something I've learned from life
2. Make Jrnie coffee and tell her something I love about her.
 


##### I do not:
1. Let my opinions or feelings get in the way of loving people.
2. 

---

##### My primary tasks for the day are (you only need one):
1. Insurance
2. Clean / pack
3. Shoot the first scene of my video

##### I am grateful for:
All of the time related freedom I've grown to have with my strange money sources.


##### A story from yesterday:

Chris came over and we worked on the knife together. I started on the handle. The Wenge wood is really interesting and different. It feels really dense, which makes sense when you look at the rings and see how many years this tree probably lived before it was cut down for lumber. Not sure how I feel morally about it, but it's beautiful and it will be amazing to connect Isaiah with two cultures he most deeply appreciates. 
Metal, wood, and any other kind of making are really enjoyable to me. The most enjoyable times are when there's a specific project in mind and I'm not 100% sure on how to accomplish it. There's enough challenge there to keep it interesting. Obviously this method doesn't work well with making money, because I'd be constantly taking on projects I don't know if I can finish, but it's great as a hobby. Maybe eventually it'll be something I'm skilled enough at to take on commissions and still accept challenging work without getting bored of it. 
