### Who are you becoming?

##### What will they say about you when you're gone?

Tyler was loving and adventurous. He aimed to get as much out of each day as he could, so that the gift of life was not wasted on him. He worked hard to cultivate meaningful relationships with the people he loved. He did everything in his power to better understand the world around him through as many lenses as possible.

---

##### This is what I am doing:

- Fostering relationships
- Eating healthy and training
- Growing my YouTube Channel
- Learning by reading wide and deep
- Building and contributing to community
- Fundraising through life insurance
- Adventure


##### Everyday, I:
1. Write a story of something I've learned from life
2. Make Jrnie coffee and tell her something I love about her.
 


##### I do not:
1. Let my opinions or feelings get in the way of loving people.
2. 

---

##### My primary tasks for the day are (you only need one):
1. 
2. 
3. 

##### I am grateful for:
The amount of time I have under my control.


##### A story from yesterday:
Yesterday I worked a lot on my scrap knife.

I really think I'm suffering at the moment from lack of longer term project. I really hope this community idea with Sidney's audience works out, because it'll solve not only that directional issue but the money one as well. I want to wake up and have something to work on, something to build.

If it doesn't work out, the plan is to build it out anyways and pitch to other creators. The hard part will just be that I have no relationship with them. 
Another option is simply building it myself and asking people to join. The only thing with that is I have no audience. 





### Who are you becoming?

---

### Fleeting Notes

