---
date: 2024-09-12
tags:
  - log/journal
publish: false
---


- Make videos for myself\
- Have a business that can extend beyond myself
- Connect with more (interesting) people

That's not very specific. Let's dive deeper.


What kind of videos? For myself? Am I the only one that will watch it?
- I'm not sure what the videos look like. I like the idea of "made what you most want to consume." So what is it that I like to consume and what do I wish there was more of?
	- I consume videos from filmmakers that are both breathtakingly beautiful to watch and listen to, but also tell a story that moves me.
	- I watch videos involving *how* to make those types of videos.
- What are the stories about when I watch those kinds of videos?
	- Their life
	- Creativity
	- Random information
- How can I make these two things?
	- One option in an every other video type of situation.
		- One is a story, the next is a BTS how I made this thing type of video.
	- Another option is two channels.
		- One is the story channel, the other is the how I made these (and maybe more) type of channel.
- If I do option one, I think the tutorials will be naturally higher quality. I will also make less of them. Maybe I can put more of the information behind a paywall? Like in members only videos or something?
- This decision comes down to what I want this all to look like later in like. 
	- Is doing it all together an ego thing? Like do I just want to look cool?
		- Even if this is true, it's a good reputation builder.
	- When I'm 40, will I be happy with this decision? Will I wish I'd done it differently?
		- Is it that big of a decision? Or is this pretty easy to just change.
	- Am I overcomplicating this?


Let's list some people I admire, what I admire about them, and how they approach things.
- Skymography
	- Makes in depth tutorial type videos, but not in a boring tutorial way. They are creative and push beyond just step by step tutorials. They dive into the theoretical and creative choices. He's also begun to make videos that don't even have an editing tutorial section. He's really making videos about how he likes to approach the creative process.
- Mapal
	- 2 channels. One is a personal growth channel, the other is for tutorials. The tutorials are clear and to the point, but offer really high quality visuals. 
- Kolder
	- Insane visuals, built on a legacy reputation from the travel filmmaking days. I like how he has Kolder Creative as an editing school. 
- Danny Gevirtz
	- Makes a really cool thing, then shares bts on that thing. Both are highly produced and exciting to watch.
- Riza
	- Vlogs, but way better. Occasional practical takeaways, but more there for the story.
- Colt
	- Kinda same actually.
- Schaffer
	- Insane storytelling. Occasional practical bits, but more weird and esoteric. Probably the best videos on YT.
- Jake Frew
	- A mix of filmmaking and motivational/self help. Visuals are top notch.

All of these people monetize with ad reads. I'd honestly rather not do ad reads eventually. How can I monetize this another way?
- Patreon / member channel
	- Maybe this is where the educational bits live? 
	- Could also be like a community sorta thing?

I feel like the tutorials are potentially my best asset for discovery. But maybe that's a bad way to approach this. I should probably show what I can do, then how. It's like a those who can't do teach situation. 







What sort of business? Does it extend in the way that I hire a bunch of people? Go public? Stay small but work less?
- Online education is super hot right now, easy to scale, insanely profitable. And oversaturated and has a bad reputation.
- Good Store is a great business model. It kind of makes the actual business irrelevant, and is more about the cause it's supporting. This is not a good way for me to create financial security though.
- I guess that's what I'm looking for. Financial security. How do I create financial security?
	- 


What people do I want to connect with? Why? How will I make these connections, and what will come of it?
- 






Conclusion so far. 





