---
date: 2024-10-22
tags:
  - log/journal
  - log/meeting
publish: false
---
- ---
date: 2024-10-21
tags:
  - log/meeting
publish: false
---
# 2024-10-22
'[[2024-10-21]]'




## Meeting Sheet
### Meeting Subject:
OYOB Videos

### Meeting Agenda:
- Intro, maybe get some direct input on castle video?
- Go through footage (**treat this as a pre interview**)
	- Get Greg's input on what's what
	- Storyline options
	- How many episodes?
	- How much VO or interviewing do we want?
	- Talk to camera? Or doc style? 
	- Overall vibe of video
		- YT style? More traditional?
		- Pacing?
	- Footage falls off after the first couple days. How do we want to handle that?
		- Probably interviews, but maybe something else?
	- 

We have the interview footage they did, but lets try and build a dream scenario without involving that first (they weren't really getting it) and then we can incorporate that where it makes sense.

Some potential directions:
- One long video detailing the whole thing
- Break up the story (I'm not sure we have enough footage on the back end to make multiple full stories)


#### A Story: The trip
- Lets try to pull out some key moments. 
	- Mostly what we have footage of, but maybe we can fill the gaps a bit with VO and drone shots?

#### B Story: Son's becoming men, going off to start their adult lives
- This is the real meaningful story going on, the "why this matters."
- He mentions the theology of gifts and how this checks all the boxes. What does it mean to him to give this gift?
- 




### Duration:
90 mins

### Critical Attendees:
Marc Hernandez, Greg Gordon

### Additional Attendees:

### Context of Meeting:
We've had this footage in the can for a while now. This is a personal, emotional project. We need to try and bring memories and emotions back up, but with some reflection. 
Then we need to move forward and decide what we're making here.

## Notepad
- Shake down (getting prep ready)
	- Big dream of giving to boys
	- Grad party


Point to point.
Animate map.



Offloading was an addition. The drive was part of the adventure.



Ferry
- Magic time machine
- Shoving off of main land



Camp 
- Breaking down trailer
- Transition, final shake down.


Don't live on Blakely harbor too much


Dodd narrows is day 2/3






Brown bear, fish



Dad off the boat
Bill leaves




Father's Day
- Whale
- Hot springs
- 




Shooting guns
Seeing Bear
Hook in finger










## Action items
- 




